Alicia, would you agree to
serve as Liz Cather's watcher?
What does that mean?
Are you familiar with
the legend of the Saint?
Yes...
Someday, a girl beloved
by the gods will appear.
The Saint will work with the royal family
to bring prosperity to the nation of Durkis.
You are well-informed.
I read about it in a book.
It was in the game!
We believe that Liz Cather is the Saint.
I've heard that you and Liz have met.
What did she seem like in your eyes?
Her head is quite the lovely field of flowers.
You are ruthless.
But I can't deny that.
Joan, bring it.
It's an essay about the village of Roana.
Yikes! What kind of wild rambling is this?
If she is to be involved in
our government as the Saint,
she must be capable of making
realistic judgments.
So, Alicia, I want you to guide Liz
toward becoming a respectable Saint.
Wouldn't that make me the best person
there is, not the villainess?
I'm against this!
Given the current state of the Academy,
saddling her with such a task would be...
She is deeply loved by many people.
However, that love has gone
beyond simple affection,
and begun to verge on widespread worship.
There is essentially no one left at the
Academy who would speak out against her.
Is that what they call "plot armor"?
Do you know what happens
to people who confute her
or criticize her in front of
her overzealous supporters?
They may find themselves
hated and ostracized.
Hated?
You can refuse him, Alicia.
You don't have to take on
the role of the bad guy.
I gladly accept.
I, Alicia Williams, will become
the greatest villainess of all time!
I'll Become a Villainess
Who Goes Down in History
The Villainess and the Flower Field
What are the people at that castle thinking?
What do you even get out of this?
I didn't agree to it for free, of course.
I made the king accept my conditions.
Gill, you're going to leave
this town and come with me.
Huh?!
Goodness, that was quite a shock.
And so were the conditions she set.
I want to bring a boy named Gill
from Roana to the Academy with me.
From Roana, you say?
Alicia... You're not saying you
went to that village, are you?
I've been going there for years now.
When I met Gill, he was six.
His parents had already been killed,
and he was on the verge of death himself.
What sin does he bear for simply
being the son of criminals?
There are people in Roana whose
talents are going to waste there.
If they could just have a
chance to get an education...
There could be no one better
suited for the job.
I get to leave the village?
You'll be doing so as my servant, though.
B-But don't people who work for nobles
need to be of good breeding, as well?
Oh my, so you don't want to go?
I do!
You're plenty good enough. This
villainess discovered you, after all.
You need to be greedy enough to grab
any chance that comes your way.
This is unprecedented.
No resident of this village ever leaves it.
I'm only getting started.
The Saint has her eye on this village.
What?
The rest of the world will soon
take an interest in it, as well.
Change is coming to this place.
Grandpa Will, do you have any
desire to return to the castle?
I'm thinking of asking the king
to help you, as well.
I appreciate the thought, but...
I'm a criminal.
I accepted my fate the moment
I came to this village.
I put him on the spot, didn't I?
Still...
I can't believe I have to guide the
author of that shiny, happy fairy tale.
She's wounded all over!
Help... me...
Stay calm. Villainesses
don't act on emotion.
They act on logic.
I can't use this to treat her!
I'll attract attention, but...
Casually saving a feeble
life or two on a whim?
That's the villainess way!
The water is shining...
Is it magic?
Alicia! What are you doing?!
She asked me for help.
What is a noble doing here?
Barrier magic?
You can't use that here!
Extensive burns... and some are infected.
Her right leg is necrotic
from the knee down.
Can any magic restore this?
She can't be saved.
I think she's from a house that burned down.
In this village, once you're
hurt bad, you're doomed to die.
I was being arrogant again.
I learned both magic and
the sword so quickly
that I was convinced I could do anything.
But this is the world of a video game,
and just being the rival of its
protagonist doesn't make me omnipotent.
There are some things I can't fix.
In her state, she will soon die.
Is the greatest villainess
of the same opinion?
A villainess isn't a doctor... That's...
Why don't you tell me what a "villainess
who goes down in history" is?
The villainess I strive to be...
is ambitious and hates lip service,
and always remains calm and prudent.
She's a strong woman to her very core!
I see.
That's right. A true villainess
doesn't give up until the very end.
Dark magic includes lots of healing spells,
but the ones I know only soothe cystic
acne inflammation and rough skin...
Inflammation!
If an ordinary user can
heal rough skin with it,
I need to be able to heal this much,
or I can't call myself the greatest
villainess in the world!
Enhance output! More! More!
What incredible magic power...
K-Keep it up!
Did you do it?
Her treatment isn't complete.
You're not gonna—
Bite down on that cloth.
I'll do this in one stroke.
I...
Don't get up too quickly.
My leg! Where'd it go?!
It was necrotic.
If left alone, it would
have endangered your life.
But...
You survived your ordeal. You did well.
If I'd sought help from
anyone but you, I'd be...
Thank you so m—
Don't thank me.
I don't help people out of
the goodness of my heart.
I expect to be repaid in kind.
My name is Alicia. Yours?
It's... Rebecca.
Rebecca, you're going to
be my personal informant.
Huh?
Behold!
This woman, brought back from
the brink of death, is a true miracle!
She's the savior who will guide
your village: Lady Rebecca!
Huh? Wh-What are you talking about?
I want you to gather up
the voices of the villagers,
as their provisional savior.
That's your price? But what for?
So I can use the Saint as a
pretext to become a villainess!
Use the Saint as a pretext?
What does that mean?
I told you about Liz Cather's essay, right?
In order to make that fairy tale a reality,
I, as her watcher, need to
get to know Roana better.
Do you think you can change Roana?
I'll just be the mastermind pulling
the strings behind the scenes.
It'll be the residents of the
village who actually change it.
I still have no intention
of leaving the village.
Grandpa Will?
Hearing what you said made me want to stay
until the end and see how Roana changes.
Not that I can literally see it, of course.
Grandpa Will...
That'll temporarily allow you
to pass through the barrier.
Take care of yourselves, now.
You too.
How can it be so different?
Did I do something that bad?
Oh, so you did?
No!
Then you can carry yourself with pride.
I'll Become a Villainess
Who Goes Down in History
Being little is my weapon!
I'll Become a Villainess
Who Goes Down in History
My neck always feels so stiff in the morning.
Well, Father, I'll be off now.
Alicia... You aren't regretting
your decision, are you?
Not one bit!
By the way, you promised you'd tell
me when I entered the Academy...
Why I wasn't allowed to
take the swordsmanship test?
Because you're just too incredible.
Well, I'll take that as a compliment.
It's finally time!
Saint versus villainess! It all starts here!
Hey, that's Miss Alicia, isn't it?
The one who got a special exception?
I heard her servant is an orphaned commoner.
Are you Miss Alicia?
Miss Liz told me all about you.
You're Master Albert's little sister, right?
Oh, but she looks more like
Master Alan and Master Henri.
You're right! I wonder if Master
Henri's hair is this silky, too!
Aren't you being rather
rude? How unpleasant.
That's so mean! We were just—
Alicia, dear! Good morning!
And here comes the Saint.
I've been so excited to see you!
Miss Liz!
She suddenly struck us and
said we were unpleasant!
What? Is that true, Alicia?
We only just met. They
were being too friendly.
But that's no reason to hurt someone.
Be brave and apologize, okay?
Don't worry. I know they'll forgive you.
No, thank you.
Was it a good idea to disagree
in front of so many people?
It was the perfect introduction
for a villainess!
This couldn't have gone better!
I gotta keep it together...
What sort of evil deed shall—
Alicia?
You appear well, Alicia.
Prince Duke! Bringing me here with
transport magic is tyrannic—
Why didn't you refuse the king's request?
He knew about the watcher thing?
That's supposed to be top secret.
I'm a prince, remember?
The Saint works with the royal family
to bring prosperity to Durkis.
In the game, Prince Duke was already
in love with the heroine by now.
He's suspicious of me, the villainess!
Because it means I can say
whatever I want to the Saint.
If it's His Majesty's orders, I can't
be punished for doing evil.
Is he going to tear it off?
That'd be a scene befitting a villainess.
You're still wearing it, I see.
I'm glad.
You're adorable.
What kind of evil is a girl who
turns red over that going to do?
Even for a prince, this
is a breach of etiquette!
What a shock!
Prince Duke is the type who'd do that to
someone who isn't the woman he loves?!
Alicia!
You startled me!
That's quite the look you have on your face.
It's nothing!
This is a blunder unbecoming
of a villainess!
I have to switch gears!
Alicia, dear!
This is quite the large tea party.
Would you like to join us?
Well, well. Her whole fan club's here.
It looks like the stage is set.
I guess it's time to begin.
As much as I appreciate your kind offer...
Would you mind sharing your
thoughts with me today?
That's...
It's your essay.
It was so well-received that
the teacher made a copy for me.
Oh, my!
So, you believe that all
people are equal, yes?
And that the hierarchy assigned to
them by this nation is a problem.
Yes, which is why I think
they should get rid of
the wall around Roana,
as it symbolizes poverty.
Once freed, the people can
live happy, abundant lives,
and our citizens will be pleased to have
more neighbors who enjoy good fortune.
If everyone is happy, there
will be no more inequality!
It's far too shallow and unrealistic,
not to mention so boring that
I struggled to read it to the end.
How could you?!
That was the model villainess move.
Now it's your turn, heroine.
Alicia, dear... Could you tell me
why you find it unrealistic, then?
It's impossible for all people to be equal.
Your essay is nothing more than a fairy tale.
But if we give up on pursuing that
ideal, that will be the end if it!
Academy - Rose Garden
Right. In the game,
the heroine gives her dauntless rebuttal,
the conquerable boys' affection for her rises,
and that's when the villainess leaves.
But I wanted her to put up more of a fight!
You think destroying the wall will
eliminate inequality based on birth,
but is it really that simple?
If it's done without proper
measures in place,
public order will only deteriorate.
How can you speak so badly
of those villagers?
Are you assuming the rescued
villagers won't be grateful,
and will instead run around
and cause trouble?
Would it not be arrogant for a third party
to claim they cleared away the resentment
they felt from being oppressed?
Alicia, dear, nothing good comes
from clinging to resentment.
Forgiveness will bring
about an age of peace.
Idealistic arguments won't change anything.
You need to arrive at a calm
recognition of reality,
and then do all the things that
must be done, one at a time.
That approach is what's
missing in your essay.
I've heard just about enough!
I was only pointing out
the flaws in her essay.
In fact, I'm surprised no one
brought them up sooner.
Everyone's too busy fawning over her.
Don't you dare insult the bond we have!
I guess blind acceptance is how
you show your love for her.
With so many people here,
how can every single one
of you be so useless?
I don't mind if you disavow me,
but don't speak ill of my friends!
Liz...
A cheerful disposition that
makes everyone love you,
lovely looks, an incomparable
amount of mana,
and unprecedented proficiency
in every magical element.
You certainly are blessed.
As I see it, you yourself are
the symbol of inequality.
Huh?
Oh, don't take it the wrong way.
I don't believe there's any need
for all people to be equal.
Environment, family, looks, and talents...
no matter how much the disparities
shrink, no two will be the same.
But that's what makes people competitive
and ambitious enough to train and grow.
The hierarchy that results
from that is a healthy thing.
If people are no longer praised for their
strengths in the name of equality,
would that not be unfair in itself?
I... wouldn't say that...
Then what is your idea of equality?
As someone so powerful and blessed,
you don't realize how influential your
thoughtless lip service really is.
And when lip service isn't enough anymore,
the weaker areas are left
to take up the burden.
Alicia...
Liz! Such sophistry can't—
You're right that I didn't
think it through enough.
But I still think it's wrong to
give up on pursuing our ideals.
I want to strive for a world
where everyone can be happy!
That's the way.
No one would trust a heroine
who gave in to evil so easily.
I was hoping for a more constructive debate.
I see I wasted my time.
Miss Liz, please don't mind her.
No, Alicia said all that for my benefit.
Alicia Williams!
My battle against the Saint
didn't go too badly, I'd say!
Next time she spouts
goody-two-shoes lines like that,
I'll cut her off on the spot.
After all, I'm...
the villainess in this story!